docs: add contribution guide (#57)
allan2/dotenvy: CONTIRBUTING.md

# Contributing to _dotenvy_

**Thank you very much for considering to contribute to this project!**

> We welcome any form of contribution:
> 
> - Asking for help
> - Reporting a bug
> - Adding a feature
> - Fixing a problem
> - Improving the code
> - Sharing ideas
> - Adding documentation
> - Adding examples
> - Fixing spelling/grammar errors
> - _etc..._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome any form of contribution, including:

- reporting or fixing bugs
- requesting or adding features
- doc changes (including spelling/grammar corrections)
- adding examples
- asking for help, sharing ideas
```

Just grouped the information for clarity

**Note**: Before making a large change, it is a good idea to open an issue
describing the change to solicit feedback and guidance. This will increase the
likelihood of the PR getting merged and help avoid multiple people writing the
same solution.

This guide will help you get started. Do not let this guide intimidate you. It
should be considered a map to help you navigate the process.

## Conduct

The `dotenvy` project adheres to the [Rust Code of
Conduct](https://www.rust-lang.org/policies/code-of-conduct).

## Issues

Please feel free to open an [issue](https://github.com/allan2/dotenvy/issues),
or comment on existing issues regarding any topic. If you would like to attempt
to implement a change, you can ask for help or guidance on solving a problem, or
just let us know you are working on it.

A maintainer will mark the issue as assigned to you to avoid other people

> unknowingly working on the same thing. If you notice an old assigned issue still
> has no update, please still ask. We can reassign as necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unknowingly working on the same thing. If you would like to work on an assigned issue that has not been updated in a while, just ask to have it reassigned to you.
```

This project sometimes has longer form
[discussions](https://github.com/allan2/dotenvy/discussions). Feel free to
comment on existing threads or open your own.

## Pull Requests

Pull Requests are the way concrete changes are made to the code, documentation,
and dependencies in the dotenvy repository.

> Even tiny pull requests (e.g., one character pull request fixing a typo in API
> documentation) are greatly appreciated. Before making a large change, it is
> usually a good idea to first open an issue describing the change to solicit
> feedback and guidance. This will increase the likelihood of the PR getting
> merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even tiny PRs, like a one character change to fix a typo in the docs, are greatly appreciated. Before making a large change, it is recommended to first open an issue describing the change as to solicit
feedback and guidance. This will increase the likelihood of the PR getting
merged.
```

### Tests

> If the change being proposed alters code (as opposed to only documentation for
> example), it is either adding new functionality to a crate or it is fixing
> existing, broken functionality. In both of these cases, the pull request should
> include one or more tests to ensure that the crate does not regress in the
> future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are modifying the code, make sure all tests pass. If you are adding new functionality, please add related tests.
```

### Discuss and update

> You will probably get feedback or requests for changes to your Pull Request.
> This is a big part of the submission process so don't be discouraged! Some
> contributors may sign off on the Pull Request right away, others may have more
> detailed comments or feedback. This is a necessary part of the process in order
> to evaluate whether the changes are correct and necessary.
> 
> Any community member can review a PR and you might get conflicting feedback.
> Keep an eye out for comments from code owners to provide guidance on conflicting
> feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive feedback on your PR, please don't be discouraged. It's just part of the process to ensure that changes to the project are correct and necessary.

Any community member can review a PR.
```

#### Commit Squashing

> In most cases, do not squash commits that you add to your Pull Request during
> the review process. When the commits in your Pull Request land, they may be
> squashed into one commit per logical change. Metadata will be added to the
> commit message (including links to the Pull Request, links to relevant issues,
> and the names of the reviewers). The commit history of your Pull Request,
> however, will stay intact on the Pull Request page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no need to squash your commits manually. PRs are usually squash merged anyway.
```

### CI

> Our continuous integration workflow checks all pull requests to ensure:
> 
> - All tests pass on stable and [MSRV]
> - No [clippy](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy) errors or warnings
> - [Rustfmt](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustfmt) is adhered to
> - [Rustdoc](https://doc.rust-lang.org/rustdoc/write-documentation/linking-to-items-by-name.html)
>   links work.
> 
> Before submitting a PR, it may be worth running these checks yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please ensure that your PR passes the CI checks:

- all tests pass on stable and [MSRV]
- no [clippy](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy) warnings or errors
- formatted with [Rustfmt](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustfmt)
- [Rustdoc](https://doc.rust-lang.org/rustdoc/write-documentation/linking-to-items-by-name.html)
  links work
```

> #### MSRV
> 
> Check the [readme][MSRV] for the current
> minimum supported rust version. We are open to updating it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### MSRV

Check the [readme][MSRV] for the current
minimum supported rust version. We are open to updating it.
```

I think the MSRV policy in the README and the badge are visible enough to leave this out.

Author: Good point. Someone reading the contribution guide has probably already read the readme.
